1. Uniqueness: No two rows can have the same value for the primary key. It guarantees that each record is distinct.
   Non-nullable: It can’t contain NULL values—every row must have a value.
   Immutable (ideally): Once set, it's usually not changed, because changing it could affect relationships across tables.
2. One-to-Many
   Many-to-Many
3. Go to the Modeling tab in Power BI Desktop.
   Click Manage Relationships > New.
   Select the first table and the column you want to use.
   Select the second table and its corresponding column.
4. A star schema is a type of data modeling technique used in data warehousing and business intelligence. It’s called a “star” because of its layout: a central fact table surrounded by multiple dimension tables, forming a shape like a star 1 2 3.
5. saless
6. 
7. The ProductID in Sales.csv is considered a foreign key because it connects the Sales table to another table—specifically the Products table—in your data model.
8. Go to Transform > Data Type and choose the correct type (usually Whole Number for IDs).
9. A star schema is a powerful design choice in data warehousing because it streamlines query performance and simplifies data analysis.
10. 
11. Consider whether the relationship truly reflects business logic or if the tables can be restructured into more intuitive hierarchies.
    Use Bridge Tables Introduce a bridge table to decouple the relationship. For example, if Table A and Table B both connect to Table C and create a loop, you can create a bridge that holds shared keys or attributes and routes relationships through that.
13. Itis impossibl
14. In Role-Based Security Models When implementing row-level security, you may use bidirectional filtering between user tables and data tables so filters flow both ways. It helps maintain context across roles without duplicating logic.
15. Valid Sales = 
CALCULATE (
    SUM(FactSales[SalesAmount]),
    FILTER (
        FactSales,
        FactSales[CustomerID] IN VALUES(Customers[CustomerID])
    )
)
    
